que-01 :   What are the benefits of using CSS?

ans-:     There are a number of benefits of CSS, including:
          1) Faster Page Speed. More code means slower page speed. ...
          2) Better User Experience. CSS not only makes web pages easy on the eye, it also allows for user-friendly formatting. ...
          3) Quicker Development Time. ...
          4) Easy Formatting Changes. ...
          hh5) Compatibility Across Devices.

que-02:    What are the disadvantages of CSS?

ans -:    *Confusion due to many CSS levels. Beginners are more vulnerable to this issue. ...

          *Cross-Browser Issues. Different browsers work differently. ...

         * Security Issues. Security is important in today's world driven by technology and data. ...
  
          *Extra Work for Developers.


que-03: What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?

ans -:    The biggest difference between CSS2 and CSS3 is that CSS3 is now split into different modules. Since each module makes           its way through the W3C 

individually, there’s a wider range of browser support. Make sure you test your CSS3 pages in as           many browsers and operating systems as possible to ensure 

compatibility.

que-04:   Name a few CSS style components

ans -:   1) Properties: These are human-readable identifiers that indicate which stylistic features you want to modify. For          example, font-size , width , 

background-color .
         2)Values: Each property is assigned a value. This value indicates how to style the property.

que-05:What do you understand by CSS opacity?

ans -:The opacity CSS property sets the opacity of an element. Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden,       and is the opposite of       

transparency

que-06:How can the background color of an element be changed? 
ans--To add background color in HTML, use the CSS background-color property. Set it to the color name or code you want and place it inside a style attribute. Then add 

this style attribute to an HTML element, like a table, heading, div, or span tag.

que-07:• How can image repetition of the backup be controlled?

ans--This task can be achieved by using the background-repeat property that will help us to control the repetition of the image. The background-repeat property in CSS 

is used to repeat the background image both horizontally and vertically. It also decides whether the background image will be repeated or not.


que-08:-What is the use of the background-position property?
ans--The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image. Tip: By default, a background-image is placed at the top-left corner of an 

element, and repeated both vertically and horizontally.

que-09:-Which property controls the image scroll in the background?
ans-   The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.


que-10:-Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
ans-    Why background and color are the separate properties if they should always be set together? There are two reasons behind this: It enhances the legibility of 

style sheets. The background property is a complex property in CSS, and if it is combined with color, the complexity will further increase.

que-11:-How to center block elements using CSS1?
ans-   Center Align Elements
To horizontally center a block element (like <div>), use margin: auto; Setting the width of the element will prevent it from stretching out to the edges of its 

container.


que-12:-How to maintain the CSS specifications?
ans-   Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is a stylesheet language used to describe the presentation of a document written in HTML or XML (including XML dialects such as 

SVG, MathML or XHTML). CSS describes how elements should be rendered on screen, on paper, in speech, or on other media.

que-13:-What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page? 
 ans-     CSS can be added to HTML documents in 3 ways:

              1 - Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements
 
              2 - Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section

              3 - External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file

que-14:-What is embedded style sheets?
 ans-      Embedded Stylesheet: It allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place. This is done by embedding the <style></style> 

tags containing the CSS properties in the head of your document.


que-15:-What are the external style sheets?
 ans-  An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage. Multiple webpages can use the 

same link to access the stylesheet. The link to an external style sheet is placed within the head section of the page.

que-16:-What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets? 
 ans-    External style sheets have the following advantages over internal and inline styles:
  
            1- -one change to the style sheet will change all linked pages
.
            2- -you can create classes of styles that can then be used on many different HTML elements.

            3- -consistent look and feel across multiple web pages.


que-17:-What is the meaning of the CSS selector? 
 ans- A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule. It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML elements should be selected to have 

the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them.


que-18:- What are the media types allowed by CSS? 

ans-      The following media groups
             1--continuous or paged.

             2--visual, audio, speech, or tactile

             3--grid (for character grid devices), or bitmap.

             4--interactive (for devices that allow user interaction), or static (for those that do not)
        





